haha have I got a story for you what is
up guys its mother Darth we're doing
another set of head videos since you
know they just released the Moxie's DLC
as you see Salvador here's where in the
not a leprechaun skin that's from The
Bad Moxie's bloody wedding day thing
let's show here this is the Rasta two
Farias head Salvador the standard head
pistola looks pretty meaning this one I
think the Baron the marshall moustache s
is a gear head I like this one a sense
of dread top card
the bowler badass the boat murderer the
breaking bald the SuperDuper fly the
wizened warrior a lot of his tents look
a lot alike
I think you know that lot of us mixes
the others captures the Minecraft one
fucking hate this head and handsome
Jack's mask kind of looks cool with his
beard sticking out there this is the
special edition privatize the vault
veterans sledgehammer one of my
favorites you gotta have Borderlands 1
game save to have that but not so Jolly
Roger prefer Maya Pirate's Booty the
nuts and bolts for mr. torques campaign
I like this one a lot the Zurcher about
2000 pretty pretty awesome head there I
do like that one the moustache of legend
from hammerlock's DLC
the El Diablo this is a vicious look
ahead this is the one I usually wear
finds me a Hellboy the major malfunction
of course here's the Goliath head cut
interesting with the pink on it you can
only get this from the diamond plate
loot chest which was only supposed to be
five thousand of but we can do them even
though they're supposed to be undo
people nothing ventured the Beast Within
from tiny Tina's the refined ruffian
monopoly fans they're the pointed
argument I like this one to the beard
with no name but to this grimace big ole
frown there of course the pumpkin
hollowed head from TK Boz head on her
back snow problem from the Christmas
head on her back and yes the turkey with
the balls on the neck from the
Thanksgiving one and then here's the new
one guys using your head do you see like
the others it's a skull his face has
been peeled back off of it pretty freaky
looking I do like this guy's thanks for
watching and uh don't forget subscribe
like comment check out my other videos
we've got all the heads I think any of
these dupes just hit us up
girl are you streaming off of it